cheer up trev i'm all right bernie yeah
this fellow in a giraffe walk into a bar
giraffe goes to sleep on the floor
farmer says oi
what's that lying there fellas it's not
lying it's your laughs
[Laughter]
alone at last wendy just you
me and the sunset this is just perfect
stephen
and so romantic i have something to ask
you my dear
wendy would you do me the honor of
taking my paw
all right you two pair of losers don't
mind me i'll just squeeze it in there we
go
lovely you've not seen a packet of nice
and spicy knit next lying around
of you yeah
all right i think this is definitely a
strawberry one john
hey there are a barrier some sort
this one's got a grain wrapper so what's
that apple
they've got a green one too i think
they're lame that doesn't taste like a
lime they never do
that's how you can tell they're the lame
ones i don't
know what this one is tastes really
weird what color the
brian brown i had a breakfast here
but there aren't any brown ones i don't
know what you're eating on but i'd spit
it out if i were you
huh oh
big
[Music]
you